# Chapter 1

This chapter was about project roles. The takeaway here is that each role must
be clearly defined for a product.

# Chapter 2

The key takeaway is that when your product and project manager is the same
person, you're doing it wrong.

# Chapter 3

"This is more due to the nature of product management, which is all about
discovering a product that is valuable, useable and feasible; versus project
management, which is all about executing to deliver that product."

# Chapter 4

I thought it was amazing how well defined the user interaction roles were
defined. At my previous company, design was always brushed aside and that
caused a lot of product aspects to be flawed.

# Chapter 5 

"You need to pay your taxes and remember to dedicate at least 20%to headroom"

# Chapter 6

"But there are many people that want to be able to work 40 hours a week and
--most importantly-- leave their work problems at the office when the go home
at the end of the day. This unfortunately is not the life of a successful
product manager."

# Chapter 7 

I wonder what LivingSocials net promoter score is.

# Chapter 8 

I thought it was very interesting that the author use the pronoun "she" instead
of the general "they" for the user interaction designer.  Are user interaction 
designers primarily female? 

# Chapter 9

"The only thing that really matters for you company is shipping products."

# Chapter 10

It's interesting because I read this entire chapter thinking that they were
talking about qualities of a software engineer. I think that small teams
produce people that need to have similiar qualities.

# Chapter 11

Product opportunities exist if you have a plan on how to look for them,
defining them, and coming up with metrics proving the opportunity is sound.

# Chapter 12

Product discovery at companies sound like mini-startups. They figure out what
needs to be built, build it, and release. If it's great they make money. If not
they move on. In the actual startup world the companies fail. Crazy.

# Chapter 13 

Product principles are a lot like core values of a company. Everyone needs to
be on board with the values of a company or the company will not move forward.
The same is true of products.

# Chapter 14

Meetings for the most part suck unless it's directed and has a directed scope.

# Chapter 15

Early adoption of your product is a great indicator that you are solving a
problem worth solving. If customers aren't interested, perhaps you need to take
another look at the product you're building.

# Chapter 16

Users provide valuable information, however they aren't the ones to provide you
with enough information to drive your product's direction. Users don't know
what they want because they don't know all of their options.

# Chapter 17

Creating user personas are important in picking which features are important
and worth incorporating into a release. They should be integrated early in the
process.

# Chapter 18

Building a prototype is much better than a spec doc because it provides
everyone with a working product whose functionality can be fleshed out.
It also reduces time to market by clearly defining what a product should do.
